.TH log4cpp::IdsaAppender 3 "24 Feb 2001" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::IdsaAppender \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <IdsaAppender.hh>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdsaAppender\fR (const string& name, const string& idsaName)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate an \fBIdsaAppender\fR with given name and name.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IdsaAppender\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdoAppend\fR (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR& event)"
.br
.RI "\fISends a \fBLoggingEvent\fR to idsa.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_open() and idsa_close().\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_close().\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBIdsaAppender\fR does its own \fBLayout\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fR (\fBLayout\fR* layout)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBopen\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_open().\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fB_idsaName\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IDSA_CONNECTION* \fB_idsaConnection\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS log4cpp::IdsaAppender::IdsaAppender (const string & name, const string & idsaName)
.PP
Instantiate an \fBIdsaAppender\fR with given name and name.
.PP
Unlike the syslog API, idsa allows multiple connections. 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIname\fR\fR The name of the \fBAppender\fR 
.TP
\fB\fIidsaName\fR\fR The service parameter of idsa 
.SS virtual log4cpp::IdsaAppender::~IdsaAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls idsa_close().
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::doAppend (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR & event)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sends a \fBLoggingEvent\fR to idsa.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIevent\fR\fR the \fBLoggingEvent\fR to log. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::open ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls idsa_open().
.PP
.SS bool log4cpp::IdsaAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls idsa_open() and idsa_close().
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS bool log4cpp::IdsaAppender::requiresLayout () const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
The \fBIdsaAppender\fR does its own \fBLayout\fR.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 false 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS virtual void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fR * layout)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIlayout\fR\fR The layout to use. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS IDSA_CONNECTION * log4cpp::IdsaAppender::_idsaConnection\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS const string log4cpp::IdsaAppender::_idsaName\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.