.TH log4cpp::LoggingEvent 3 "5 Dec 2000" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::LoggingEvent \- The internal representation of logging events. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LoggingEvent.hh>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLoggingEvent\fR (const string& category, const string& \fBmessage\fR, const string& \fBndc\fR, int \fBpriority\fR)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate a \fBLoggingEvent\fR from the supplied parameters.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const string& \fBcategoryName\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe category name.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string& \fBmessage\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe application supplied message of logging event.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string& \fBndc\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe nested diagnostic context (\fBNDC\fR) of logging event.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPriority\fR of logging event.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const string& \fBthreadName\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of thread in which this logging event was generated, e.g.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBtimeStamp\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of seconds elapsed since the epoch (1/1/1970 00:00:00 UTC) until logging event was created.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
The internal representation of logging events.
.PP
When a affirmative logging decision is made a \fC\fBLoggingEvent\fR\fR instance is created. This instance is passed around the different \fBlog4cpp\fR components.
.PP
This class is of concern to those wishing to extend \fBlog4cpp\fR. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS log4cpp::LoggingEvent::LoggingEvent (const string & category, const string & message, const string & ndc, int priority)
.PP
Instantiate a \fBLoggingEvent\fR from the supplied parameters.
.PP
.PP
Except \fCtimeStamp\fR all the other fields of \fC\fBLoggingEvent\fR\fR are filled when actually needed. 
.PP
 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIcategory\fR\fR The category of this event. 
.TP
\fB\fImessage\fR\fR The message of this event. 
.TP
\fB\fIndc\fR\fR The nested diagnostic context of this event.  
.TP
\fB\fIpriority\fR\fR The priority of this event. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const string & log4cpp::LoggingEvent::categoryName
.PP
The category name.
.PP
.SS const string & log4cpp::LoggingEvent::message
.PP
The application supplied message of logging event.
.PP
.SS const string & log4cpp::LoggingEvent::ndc
.PP
The nested diagnostic context (\fBNDC\fR) of logging event.
.PP
.SS int log4cpp::LoggingEvent::priority
.PP
\fBPriority\fR of logging event.
.PP
.SS const string & log4cpp::LoggingEvent::threadName
.PP
The name of thread in which this logging event was generated, e.g.
.PP
the PID. 
.SS time_t log4cpp::LoggingEvent::timeStamp
.PP
The number of seconds elapsed since the epoch (1/1/1970 00:00:00 UTC) until logging event was created.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.