.TH log4cpp::FileAppender 3 "9 Dec 2000" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::FileAppender \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FileAppender.hh>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFileAppender\fR (const string& name, const string& fileName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFileAppender\fR (const string& name, int fd)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~FileAppender\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdoAppend\fR (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR& event)"
.br
.RI "\fILog in \fBAppender\fR specific way.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fR, e.g.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if the appender uses a layout.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fR (\fBLayout\fR* layout)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fB_fileName\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_fd\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLayout\fR* \fB_layout\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS log4cpp::FileAppender::FileAppender (const string & name, const string & fileName)
.PP
.SS log4cpp::FileAppender::FileAppender (const string & name, int fd)
.PP
.SS virtual log4cpp::FileAppender::~FileAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS virtual void log4cpp::FileAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Release any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS virtual void log4cpp::FileAppender::doAppend (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR & event)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Log in \fBAppender\fR specific way.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIevent\fR\fR The \fBLoggingEvent\fR to log. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS virtual bool log4cpp::FileAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fR, e.g.
.PP
the logfile  or TCP socket. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 false if an error occured during reopening, true otherwise. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS virtual bool log4cpp::FileAppender::requiresLayout () const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Check if the appender uses a layout.
.PP
.PP
If the appender implementation admits a layout but can also work without it, then it should return \fCtrue\fR. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS virtual void log4cpp::FileAppender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fR * layout)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIlayout\fR\fR The layout to use. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int log4cpp::FileAppender::_fd\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS const string log4cpp::FileAppender::_fileName\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBLayout\fR * log4cpp::FileAppender::_layout\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.