.TH log4cpp::CategoryStream 3 "22 Dec 2000" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::CategoryStream \- This class enables streaming simple types and objects to a category. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Category.hh>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategoryStream\fR (\fBCategory\fR& category, int priority)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a \fBCategoryStream\fR for given \fBCategory\fR with given priority.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~CategoryStream\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor for \fBCategoryStream\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategory\fR& \fBgetCategory\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the destination \fBCategory\fR for this stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetPriority\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the priority for this stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CategoryStream& \fBoperator<<\fR (const \fBSeparator\fR& separator)"
.br
.RI "\fIStreams in a \fBSeparator\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBflush\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFlush the contents of the stream buffer to the \fBCategory\fR and empties the buffer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typenameT> CategoryStream& \fBoperator<<\fR (const T& t)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream in arbitrary types and objects.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSeparator\fR \fBENDLINE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis \fBSeparator\fR separates two log messages in a \fBCategoryStream\fR.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class enables streaming simple types and objects to a category.
.PP
Use category.errorStream(), etc. to obtain a \fBCategoryStream\fR class. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS log4cpp::CategoryStream::CategoryStream (\fBCategory\fR & category, int priority)
.PP
Construct a \fBCategoryStream\fR for given \fBCategory\fR with given priority.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIcategory\fR\fR The category this stream will send log messages to. 
.TP
\fB\fIpriority\fR\fR The priority the log messages will get or  \fBPriority::NOTSET\fR to silently discard any streamed in messages. 
.SS log4cpp::CategoryStream::~CategoryStream ()
.PP
Destructor for \fBCategoryStream\fR.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void log4cpp::CategoryStream::flush ()
.PP
Flush the contents of the stream buffer to the \fBCategory\fR and empties the buffer.
.PP
.SS \fBCategory\fR & log4cpp::CategoryStream::getCategory () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Returns the destination \fBCategory\fR for this stream.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 The \fBCategory\fR. 
.SS int log4cpp::CategoryStream::getPriority () const\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Returns the priority for this stream.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 The priority. 
.SS template<typenameT> CategoryStream & log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (const T & t)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Stream in arbitrary types and objects.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIt\fR\fR The value or object to stream in. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 A reference to itself. 
.SS CategoryStream & log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (const \fBSeparator\fR & separator)
.PP
Streams in a \fBSeparator\fR.
.PP
If the separator equals  \fBCategoryStream::ENDLINE\fR it sends the contents of the stream buffer to the \fBCategory\fR with set priority and empties the buffer. 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fISeparator\fR\fR The \fBSeparator\fR 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 A reference to itself. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBCategoryStream::Separator\fR log4cpp::CategoryStream::ENDLINE\fC [static]\fR
.PP
This \fBSeparator\fR separates two log messages in a \fBCategoryStream\fR.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.