.TH log4cpp::SyslogAppender 3 "22 Dec 2000" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::SyslogAppender \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SyslogAppender.hh>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSyslogAppender\fR (const std::string& name, const std::string& syslogName, int facility = LOG_USER)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate a \fBSyslogAppender\fR with given name and name and facility for syslog.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~SyslogAppender\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdoAppend\fR (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR& event)"
.br
.RI "\fISends a \fBLoggingEvent\fR to syslog.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls closelog(3) and openlog(3).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls closelog(3) to close the syslog file descriptor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBSyslogAppender\fR requires a \fBLayout\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fR (\fBLayout\fR* layout)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtoSyslogPriority\fR (int priority)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslates a \fBlog4cpp\fR priority to a syslog priority.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBopen\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls openlog(3).\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fB_syslogName\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_facility\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLayout\fR* \fB_layout\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS log4cpp::SyslogAppender::SyslogAppender (const std::string & name, const std::string & syslogName, int facility = LOG_USER)
.PP
Instantiate a \fBSyslogAppender\fR with given name and name and facility for syslog.
.PP
Note that the C syslog API is process global, so  instantion of a second \fBSyslogAppender\fR will 'overwrite' the  syslog name of the first. 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIname\fR\fR The name of the \fBAppender\fR 
.TP
\fB\fIsyslogName\fR\fR The ident parameter in the openlog(3) call. 
.TP
\fB\fIfacility\fR\fR The syslog facility to log to. Defaults to LOG_USER. 
.SS log4cpp::SyslogAppender::~SyslogAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void log4cpp::SyslogAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls closelog(3) to close the syslog file descriptor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS void log4cpp::SyslogAppender::doAppend (const \fBLoggingEvent\fR & event)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sends a \fBLoggingEvent\fR to syslog.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIevent\fR\fR the \fBLoggingEvent\fR to log. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS void log4cpp::SyslogAppender::open ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls openlog(3).
.PP
.SS bool log4cpp::SyslogAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Calls closelog(3) and openlog(3).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS bool log4cpp::SyslogAppender::requiresLayout () const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
The \fBSyslogAppender\fR requires a \fBLayout\fR.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 true 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS void log4cpp::SyslogAppender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fR * layout)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fR for this appender.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIlayout\fR\fR The layout to use. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::Appender\fR.
.SS int log4cpp::SyslogAppender::toSyslogPriority (int priority)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Translates a \fBlog4cpp\fR priority to a syslog priority.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIpriority\fR\fR The \fBlog4cpp\fR priority. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 the syslog priority. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int log4cpp::SyslogAppender::_facility\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBLayout\fR * log4cpp::SyslogAppender::_layout\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS const std::string log4cpp::SyslogAppender::_syslogName\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.